so my name is Lee Highsmith I'm a
worldwide product manager on the
thinkvantage technologies team and I
wanted to show you simple tap today
simple tap is a way to make tablet and
Tea Party 400s touch systems easier to
use gives you a place to more easily
control hardware launch applications and
websites and really just use touch as a
natural part of your day simple tap is a
layer that comes up over the Windows
desktop so does interrupt anything
you're working with and can be invoked
in one of two ways the first way you
might notice this little red icon here
on the screen that is the first way to
launch simple tap just by touching that
red icon brings up the layer over top so
you notice there's no disruption to
what's going on in the Windows desktop
the other way to invoke simple tap is
with a two finger double tap of your
screen so just by two finger tap like
that brings it the simple tap layer and
from here you really have access to
things that on this tablet for example
are not that easy without the keyboard
without access to the keyboard so for
example you want to adjust the
brightness on the screen maybe it's a
little bit dim use the brightness
adjustment you notice it gives you the
nice big circles too so you can see how
much impact you're having on the screen
there so all the way up down or all the
way up nice big easy slider very similar
control for adjusting your volume you
know bring it all the way up or all the
way down and if you want to mute very
quickly we have a mute button for your
speaker right there we also have mutant
Control for the microphone as well if
you say you're getting on a plane again
you don't want to have to flip out a
tablet mode and maybe the the harbor
button is harder for you you can simply
go disable all wireless radios very
easily within simple tab there's a
message saying all radios are now off so
some other things we've done if you've
noticed within windows seven if you use
touch systems yet some things are a
little bit less easy than then you might
like for example if you just want to
walk the system and again we don't have
access to the keyboard to use Windows L
you got to touch that little arrow right
there and use lock and if you miss you
hit shut
so that's one of the things we targeted
with simple tab give you a nice ability
to just tap that and lock your computer
and be able to walk all right away and
not have to convert back to the keyboard
mode or go digging down into Windows to
use the lock function on on the thinkpad
so we think it will make touch just a
very natural interactive way stay in
tablet mode which is the reason you
bought a tablet to begin with and really
use touch is kind of a fun part of your
day the tiles within simple tap actually
move and have a little bit of weight
there a little bit fun you know we
wanted to make it a little organic so
that's our first look at simple tap